Update secure ballerina doc (#1280)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/writing-secure-ballerina-code.md

For example, the `select` remote method of the `java:jdbc` client highlighted above returns a `@tainted table<record {}>|Error`. This means that any value read from a database is considered as untrusted.

> When the Ballerina compiler can determine that a function is returning tainted data without tainted data being passed in as parameters to that function, it is required to annotate the function's return type as `@tainted`. If not, the function author has to clean up the data before returning. For instance, if you are to read from the database and return result, you either need to annotate that function's return type as `@tainted` or you have to clean up and make sure the returned data is not tainted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Ballerina compiler can determine that a function is returning tainted data without tainted data being passed in as parameters to that function, it is required to annotate the function's return type as `@tainted`. If not, the function author has to clean up the data before returning. For instance, if you want to read from the database and return a result, you either need to annotate that function's return type as `@tainted` or you have to clean up and make sure the returned data is not tainted.
```

When running a Ballerina program that uses encrypted configuration values, Ballerina will require the secret used during the encryption process to perform the decryption.

Ballerina will first look for a file named `secret.txt`. If such a file exists, Ballerina will read the decryption secret from the file and immediately remove the file to make sure secret cannot be accessed afterwards. If the secret file is not present, the Ballerina program will prompt for the decryption secret.

> The file based approach is useful in automated deployments. The file containing the decryption secret can be deployed along with the Ballerina program. The name and the path of the secret file can be configured using the `ballerina.config.secret` runtime parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file-based approach is useful in automated deployments. The file containing the decryption secret can be deployed along with the Ballerina program. The name and the path of the secret file can be configured using the `ballerina.config.secret` runtime parameter:
```

The `http:InboundAuthHandler` is used to perform HTTP-level actions, which are extracting the required HTTP header or body, extracting the credentials out of it, passing them into the associated `auth:InboundAuthProvider`, and getting the credentials validated. The `auth:InboundAuthProvider` is used to validate the credentials passed by the `http:InboundAuthHandler`.

> In a particular authentication scheme, the implemented instance of the `auth:InboundAuthProvider` is initialized with the required configurations, and it is passed to the implemented instance of the `http:InboundAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a particular authentication scheme, the implemented instance of the `auth:InboundAuthProvider` is initialized with the required configurations and it is passed to the implemented instance of the `http:InboundAuthHandler`.
```

> Next, the implemented instance of  the `http:InboundAuthHandler` is passed to the `http:Listener` configuration as follows, and the listener is initialized with authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the implemented instance of  the `http:InboundAuthHandler` is passed to the `http:Listener` configuration as follows and the listener is initialized with authentication.
```

}
```

> > **Note:** It is required to use HTTPS when enforcing authentication and authorization checks, to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive authentication data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** It is required to use HTTPS when enforcing authentication and authorization checks to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive authentication data.
```

> The user can implement a custom version of AuthHandler and AuthProvider with the use of the object-equivalency pattern as follows. With that, the `http:Listener` can be enforced with custom authentication and authorization mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can implement a custom version of an `AuthHandler` and `AuthProvider` with the use of the object-equivalency pattern as follows. With that, the `http:Listener` can be enforced with custom authentication and authorization mechanisms.
```

> The authn/authz filters are engaged as the top most filters of the filter array, which is configured in the HTTP listener configuration. The uer can configure the index of the authn/authz filters if it is needed to engage a custom filter before the authn/authz filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authn/authz filters are engaged as the top-most filters of the filter array, which are configured in the HTTP listener configuration. You can configure the index of the authn/authz filters if it is needed to engage a custom filter before the authn/authz filters.
```

> The `position` attribute represents the authn/authz filter position of the filter array. The position values starts from 0, and it is set to 0 implicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `position` attribute represents the authn/authz-filter position of the filter array. The position values starts from 0 and it is set to 0 implicitly.
```

> > **Note:** For demonstration purposes, the `ballerinaTruststore.p12` included with Ballerina runtime is used. In a production deployment, the truststore should only contain the public key certificates of the trusted JWT issuers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** For demonstration purposes, the `ballerinaTruststore.p12` included with the Ballerina runtime is used. In a production deployment, the truststore should only contain the public key certificates of the trusted JWT issuers.
```

* `defaultTokenExpTimeInSeconds` - Expiration time of the tokens if introspection response does not contain an `exp` field

> * `clientConfig` - HTTP client configurations, which calls the introspection server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `clientConfig` - HTTP client configurations, which call the introspection server
```

> The `oauth2:IntrospectionServerConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:InboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing, and the initialized `oauth2:InboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oauth2:IntrospectionServerConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:InboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing and the initialized `oauth2:InboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.
```

* `retryAttempts` - Retry the authentication request if a timeout happened
* `secureClientSocket` - The SSL configurations for the LDAP client socket. This needs to be configured in order to communicate through LDAPs

> The `ldap:LdapConnectionConfig` record should be provided into the `ldap:InboundLdapAuthProvider` when initializing, and the initialized `ldap:InboundLdapAuthProvider` is passed to the `http:BasicAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ldap:LdapConnectionConfig` record should be provided into the `ldap:InboundLdapAuthProvider` when initializing and the initialized `ldap:InboundLdapAuthProvider` is passed to the `http:BasicAuthHandler`.
```

The `auth:OutboundAuthProvider` is used to create the credentials according to the provided configurations. The `http:OutboundAuthHandler` is used to get the created credentials from the `auth:OutboundAuthProvider` and perform HTTP-level actions, which are adding the required HTTP headers or body using the received credentials.

> In a particular authentication scheme, the implemented instance of the `auth:OutboundAuthProvider` is initialized with required configurations, and it is passed to the implemented instance of the `http:OutboundAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a particular authentication scheme, the implemented instance of the `auth:OutboundAuthProvider` is initialized with required configurations and it is passed to the implemented instance of the `http:OutboundAuthHandler`.
```

> Next, the implemented instance of  the `http:OutboundAuthHandler` is passed to the `http:Client` configuration as follows, and the client is initialized with authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the implemented instance of  the `http:OutboundAuthHandler` is passed to the `http:Client` configuration as follows and the client is initialized with the authentication.
```

> The user can implement a custom version of the AuthHandler and AuthProvider with the use of the object equivalency pattern as follows. With that, the `http:Client` can be enforced with custom authentication and authorization mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can implement a custom version of the `AuthHandler` and `AuthProvider` with the use of the object-equivalency pattern as follows. With that, the `http:Client` can be enforced with custom authentication and authorization mechanisms.
```

  * `jwt:RS512` - The RSA-SHA512 algorithm
  * `jwt:NONE` - Unsecured JWTs (no signing)

> The`jwt:JwtIssuerConfig` record should be provided into the `jwt:OutboundJwtAuthProvider` when initializing, and the initialized `jwt:OutboundJwtAuthProvider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The`jwt:JwtIssuerConfig` record should be provided into the `jwt:OutboundJwtAuthProvider` when initializing and the initialized `jwt:OutboundJwtAuthProvider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.
```

});
```

> The `http:Client` defined in the program calls the `http:Listener`, which is secured with JWT authentication (For more information, see the example added under JWT inbound authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` defined in the program calls the `http:Listener`, which is secured with JWT authentication. (For more information, see the example added under JWT inbound authentication).
```
Can we add the link to the BBE?

  * `http:POST_BODY_BEARER | NO_BEARER` - Indicates that the Authentication credentials should be sent via the body of the POST request

> * `clientConfig` - HTTP client configurations,which calls the authorization endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `clientConfig` - HTTP client configurations, which call the authorization endpoint
```

> The `oauth2:ClientCredentialsGrantConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing, and the initialized `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oauth2:ClientCredentialsGrantConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing and the initialized `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.
```

  * `http:POST_BODY_BEARER|NO_BEARER` - Indicates that the Authentication credentials should be sent via the body of the POST request
* `clientConfig` - HTTP client configurations, which calls the authorization endpoint

> The `oauth2:PasswordGrantConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing, and the initialized `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oauth2:PasswordGrantConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing and the initialized `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.
```

  - `http:AUTH_HEADER_BEARER` - Indicates that the authentication credentials should be sent via the Authentication Header
  - `http:POST_BODY_BEARER|NO_BEARER` - Indicates that the Authentication credentials should be sent via the body of the POST request

> The `oauth2:DirectTokenConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing, and the initialized `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oauth2:DirectTokenConfig` record should be provided into the `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` when initializing and the initialized `oauth2:OutboundOAuth2Provider` is passed to the `http:BearerAuthHandler`.
```

* `username` - The username for Basic authentication
* `password` - The password for Basic authentication

> The `auth:Credential` record should be provided into the `auth:OutboundBasicAuthProvider` when initializing, and the initialized `auth:OutboundBasicAuthProvider` is passed to the `http:BasicAuthHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `auth:Credential` record should be provided into the `auth:OutboundBasicAuthProvider` when initializing and the initialized `auth:OutboundBasicAuthProvider` is passed to the `http:BasicAuthHandler`.
```

##### Example One

> The following program has an `http:Client` secured with Basic authentication, and it is configured inside an `http:Listener` secured with Basic authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following program has an `http:Client` secured with Basic authentication and it is configured inside an `http:Listener` secured with Basic authentication.
```

The `auth:OutboundBasicAuthProvider` is initialized without providing any configurations. Therefore, the program gets the token from the `runtime:InvocationContext` and uses it for the outbound request.

> If the downstream service is also secured with Basic authentication and as same as the upstream service, the user does not need to configure the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the downstream service is also secured with Basic authentication and as same as the upstream service, you do not need to configure the client.
```

> > **Note:** This scenario is the same for all the scenarios in which both the upstream and downstream services are secured using the same authentication scheme and clients are also configured using the same authentication scheme but without any configurations. The token propagation happens internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This scenario is the same for all the scenarios in which both the upstream and downstream services are secured using the same authentication scheme and clients are also configured using the same authentication scheme (but without any configurations). The token propagation happens internally.
```

##### Example Two

> The following program has an `http:Client` secured with JWT authentication, and it is configured inside an `http:Listener` secured with Basic Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following program has an `http:Client` secured with JWT authentication and it is configured inside an `http:Listener` secured with Basic Authentication.
```
